Address feedback from https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1817818 (#3)
juliandescottes/bidi-har-export: README.md

## Examples

### HarRecorder

`HarRecorder` is a base class for recording HAR. The consumer is responsible for indicating the beginning and end of the recording by using the `startRecording` and `stopRecording` methods. During the recording the consumer should forward all the relevant BiDi events to the recorder. The useful events for HAR generation are:
- network.beforeRequestSent

- network.responseCompleted
- browsingContext.domContentLoaded
- browsingContext.load

The recorder will not handle subscribing or unsubscribing to those events. For selenium users, the `SeleniumBiDiHarRecorder` can be used to facilitate the process.

```javascript
const { HarRecorder } = require("bidi-har-export");

const harRecorder = new HarRecorder({ browser: "firefox", version: "111.0a1"});

// It is mandatory to call startRecording before forwarding any event to the
// recorder.
harRecorder.startRecording();

// Forward network and browser context events to the recorder.
// The recorder expects events as objects containing a "method"
// and a "params" property.
harRecorder.recordEvent(beforeRequestSentEvent);
harRecorder.recordEvent(domContentLoadedEvent);
harRecorder.recordEvent(loadEvent);

> harRecorder.recordEvent(responseCompletedEvent);

Reviewer: @juliandescottes did you maybe miss this specific comment? I wonder if that would be fine with you.

> harRecorder.recordEvent(responseCompletedEvent);

Author: Filed https://github.com/firefox-devtools/bidi-har-export/issues/4

// To complete the recording and generate the HAR record,
// call stopRecording().
const harRecord = harRecorder.stopRecording();

// `harRecord` is an object following the HAR specification at
// https://w3c.github.io/web-performance/specs/HAR/Overview.html
// It is an object with a single property at the root called `log`
// See the specification for more details.
```

### SeleniumBiDiHarRecorder

> The `SeleniumBiDiHarRecorder` can be used with a selenium node driver in order to facilitate a recording. This recorder will take care of subscribing and unsubscribing to the necessary event, so that the consumer only has to start and stop the recording.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SeleniumBiDiHarRecorder` can be used with the [JavaScript binding for Selenium](https://www.selenium.dev/selenium/docs/api/javascript/) in order to facilitate a recording. This recorder will take care of subscribing and unsubscribing to the necessary event, so that the consumer only has to start and stop the recording.
```

This recorder is available under the `adapters` namespace.

```javascript
const fs = require('fs');
const { BrowsingContext, Builder }  = require('selenium-webdriver');
const firefox = require('selenium-webdriver/firefox');
const { adapters } = require('bidi-har-export');

const driver = await new Builder()
  .forBrowser('firefox')
  .setFirefoxOptions(new firefox.Options().enableBidi())
  .build();

const id = await driver.getWindowHandle();
const browsingContext = await BrowsingContext(driver, { browsingContextId: id });

> // The SeleniumBiDiHarRecorder expects a selenium driver object as well as an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The SeleniumBiDiHarRecorder expects a Selenium driver object as well as an
```

// array of browsing context ids which will be used to know which browsing
// contexts should be monitored.
const harRecorder = new adapters.SeleniumBiDiHarRecorder({
  driver,
  browsingContextIds: [id],
});

// Start the recording, perform some navigations (just as an example) and stop
// the recording.
await harRecorder.startRecording();
await browsingContext.navigate('https://example.com', 'complete');
await browsingContext.navigate('https://wikipedia.org', 'complete');
const harExport = await harRecorder.stopRecording();

// Save the HAR data to a .har file

> const harData = JSON.stringify(harExport, null, "  ");

Reviewer: Given that would have to be done by any consumer anyway I wonder if we could move that into `stopRecording()` and let the return value be controlled by a flag eg. `asJSON`? 

Otherwise we could have a `export()` method on the `HARRecorder` class that expects a filename?

Author: I think adding options to stopRecording makes sense. I feel like some consumers might still want to get the object and process it before saving it as a file

Reviewer: Right. Otherwise we could provide an `export()` method as well. But I don't mind seeing this now for an experimental project.

Author: Filed https://github.com/firefox-devtools/bidi-har-export/issues/5
